### 2021.02.01
__Upcoming__
- Quiz on Wednesday night
    - Lab content on Wednesday will not be contained in the quiz but everything else up until the quiz can be included.

__Today's Content__
- __The Machine Learning Process__
- Our goals are to explain the different steps of the machine learning process.
    - What do they consist of?
    - Why do we need them?
    - What are the ethical, legal, and safety issues?
        - There are legal constraints with Machine Learning.
- Contrasting the tasks that machine learning supports.
- Starting to build our professional vocabulary.
- What is the start of the process? What do we do machine learning on?
    - We need data, this is either given or something that we are collecting.
        - There are often multiple sources of data that are needed.
        - We will have to combine the data sets.
    - We are generally going to be using our own computers.
    - At least one dataset and often several.
        - Consent is a very big issue.
    - There are also issues with anonymity. This opens legal issues.
    - Institutional Review Board, in charge of protecting the rights of (human) subjects.
    - Consent is usually only extended for the collection of data and does not usually protect ways in which the data is used.
    - It can be difficult to get data that might trigger trauma in participants.
    - Data also needs to be protected.
    - Data might be geocoded, this could easily determine a persons location or help drastically narrow down who the user could be.
    - If working with identifiable data:
        - A specific person cannot be identified without additional information.
        - Data needs to be disjointed.
        - The US mostly only has protection for health data.
    - Data might be 'dirty'.
        - Data might be missing.
            - Human/Hardware/Software errors.
            - It might be an indication that there was not an applicable answer.
            - If there were different waves or versions of data collection.
        - Data might be blatantly wrong.
        - There might be outliers.
            - Data that stands out, given the distribution of data.
            - Noise.
            - Error in data transmission or data entry.
            - High variability in the sample. (Might indicate that more data is needed)
        - Data might be inconsistent.
            - Errors in linking multiple data sources.
        - 80% of time spent in machine learning is spent on data cleaning.
            - If we can't trust the data then we can't trust the model.
- Top row (header) lists the features of data.
    - each entity is usually a single row.
- Data is almost always a spreadsheet.    
    - Deep neural networks can also take images as an input.
- After data collection and cleaning we can finally move on to machine learning.
- Are there ethical questions that we should not be trying to answer?