### 2020/01/28
__Review Material__
- Matter
    - Pure Substances
        - Matter with a fixed composition.
    - Mixtures
        - Physical combination of 2 or more substances in variable amounts.
- Molecules
    - 2 or more atoms chemically bonded together.
    - If the atoms are the same: diatomic element.
    - If the atoms are different: compound.
- Allotrope
    - Two or more forms of the same element that differ in their chemical structure and therefore in their properties.
    - Oxygen and Carbon are common allotropes.

__Today's Material__
- Mixtures
    - Proportions of the components can vary.
    - Individual properties of the components are observable.
    - Components can be separated by physical means.
    - __Heterogeneous__: composition is not uniform.
    - __Homogeneous__: composition is uniform, "solution".
    - __Aqueous__: solution in water.
    - You can't really visually determine if a mixture is heterogeneous or homogenous.
- Atoms
    - Atom is neutral with a central nucleus surrounded by one or more electrons.
    - Most of the mass is in the dense nucleus.
    - Electrons surround the nucleus in the "electron cloud" and are in constant motion.
    - Electrons are held in the atom by the attraction towards the nucleus.
    - ^A _Z X
        - A is the mass number.
        - Z is the atomic number.
        - X is the chemical symbol.
- Nuclides
    - Different proportions of protons and neutrons.
- Isotopes
    - Same number of protons but a different number of neutrons.
- Naming Covalent Compounds
    - Combination of two non-metals.
    - Name the first element.
    - Name the 2nd element, changing the ending to -ide.
    - Prefix the 2nd element according to the number of atoms.